feat(tem): add domain autoconfiguration (#3824)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/configure-domain-with-transactional-email.mdx

- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A domain name

## Automatic configuration for a Scaleway domain

> When you use a domain name regsitered with [Scaleway Domains and DNS]() you can benefit from DNS autoconfiguration. We can automatically configure SPF, DKIM, DMARC, MX on your behalf so 

Reviewer: Lien?

Author: ```suggestion
When you use a domain name registered with [Scaleway Domains and DNS](/network/domains-and-dns/), you can benefit from DNS autoconfiguration. We can automatically configure SPF, DKIM, DMARC, MX on your behalf so 
```
